**Purpose and Scope**

The main purpose of this application "ASX20 Investment Portfolio Simulation" is allowing users to simulate the situation where they can create an investment portfolio with only ASX20. The application includes a list of ASX20 companies. Each of them has a brief description of itself, industry, and share price. The users can choose to buy the shares on the same interface while it displays the amount available to invest. Another function includes viewing the portfolio status. There will be a pie-chart of shares allocation where it displays the company short name of the purchased shares and the percentage of each share occupying the total amount invested. Apart from the pie-chart, company full names of the purchased shares and the remaining amount of money are shown. The last function is exit where users can leave the application via this option.

This application can solve the problem of users planning to invest in companies of ASX20. It provides a similar environment in investment in equity. The reason of developing this application is investment in equity has become an instrument of many people to manage their financial condition. Almost everyone participates in equity investment either directly or indirectly, and some of them may have minimal or zero experience in that. Hence, the development of this application is to provide basic knowledge to new investors or someone who would like to know investment about investment transactions on a real platform. When they are engaging in real life share transactions, they can perform the least actions. Also, they can realise there are some additional features in relation to their investment on the platform.

New investors can employ this application to plan for the allocation of investing in ASX20 companies. The investors can use the application to have some understanding about the company and buy shares of it. In the meantime, the display of the allocation with a pie-chart allows them to quickly recognise the status or result of their allocation. They may find the pie-chart obvious and easy to read. Consequently, they can make changes according to the pie-chart and can refer to it at any time to confirm their current positions. Before the investors make a real decision, it can verify their investment strategies or planning. Since it does not involve any real money transaction, the investors can make changes at any time until they are satisfied with their portfolio. Then they can apply the similar strategies on real life investment transactions.


- idea - change of position like after buying shares, users may want to change the amount of shares bought. They are allow to change. May allow buyers to add or sell shares on the same page of buying shares.
